In the current status quo, more and more people are using social media every day. Some people argue that social media has a negative impact on society. However, the positive impact of social media on society is much more than its negative impact. Although people may get addicted to social media, it is still good for the society because it breaks the border between people and help those minorities to have their own voice in the society.     

To begin with, social media is good for the society because it breaks the border between people. No matter who you are and where are you from, you can use social media to keep connected to the crowd and the world. Distance is no longer a problem as you can see what is happening in other people's life and send message or call them whenever you want. It helps to enhance people's relationship. Several years ago without social media, we may need several weeks to get in touch with our friends using mail service. However, now we can chat with our friends instantly anytime we want using gmail service. More over, using platforms like Twitter and Facebook we can know what are our friends doing, whether they are happy or not. As you know more about your friends, you will get closer and your friendship got enhanced. Social media breaks the border between people and make us closer.    

In addition, social media help those minorities to have their own voice in the society. Minorities like the transgenders are usually being ignored or even being discriminated in the real world. In social media, every one is equal for the right to express themselves, which allow the minorities to have their own voice heard by the public. There are huge amount of transgenders in Twitter. They help each other, encourage each other to pursue their dream confidently. Just serveral months ago, a transgender in Twitter whose username is @ayakaneko, was being forced to attend a 'boot camp' for abuse. Hearing this shocking news, we the twitter users take initiative action to save her. We try our best to contact her and finally set her free. It's such an epic that people on the social media gather together to help a minority in need, whose demand and dream are usually being ignored in the real world. Hence, social media help those minorities to have their own voice in the society.

Some people may argue that social media are filled with fake news and rumor. People who are suffer from rumor may feel extremely sad and angry. However, although social media may cause fake news and rumor, there is no doubt that it increase the media transparency and makes it easier to eliminate those false information. Take wikipeadia as an example. Wikipeadia is public editable, which cause it inevitably contain some false information. However, it is public auditable likewise, which makes it easy to conduct the correction. Therefore, although social media may contain false information like rumor and fake news, it is still good for the society because it increased the media transparency.

To bring this discussion to a close, social media may have some minor negative side-effect on the society, but for all the good things it bring to us, the benefits is more than the costs. We should focus on the positive aspects of it to minimize the negative impact and bring the benefits forward. 
